# CHART COMPONENT DOCUMENTATION

- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Props](#props)
  - [Identificator - id](#id)
  - [Label - label](#label)
  - [Size - size](#size)
  - [Data - data](#data)
- [Next](#next)

## PURPOSE <a name="purpose"></a>

This component presents a donut-shaped graphic with a label in the center that contains text. The values and colors can be configured through the data. The data is made up of an array of objects which will also contain the colors for each of the data groups.

## PROPS <a name="props"></a>

The props that will be used in this component require an array of data, where a minimum of two or more records is expected to be able to make a graph with sufficient data differentiation. All records must have at least 5% as a minimum of the total value so that it can be discernible on the chart.

This graph also contains an animation at startup, or if there is a change in the data.

```jsx
const ChartDonut = ({ id = '__ChartDonut', label, size = 50, data }) => {};
```

### Identificator - id <a name="id"></a>

Identifier for a component instance, which allows it to be identified in the HTML generated by React.

### Label - id <a name="label"></a>

String that will be displayed in the center of the donut chart.

### Size - size <a name="size"></a>

*\_*optional\*\_
Default value of 50 pixels, Size of diameter graph chart in pixels.

### Data - data <a name="data"></a>

Array of objects that will contain the data, colors and values of each of the parts of the graph.

```js
const data = [
  { key: 0, name: title, value: 10, color: '#3A4AF0' },
  { key: 1, name: subtitle, value: 10, color: '#D0D0D0' },
];
```

Define the following fields for each of the records.

- **key**: This field represents the key within the options (_ will be removed soon_).
- **name**: Label of each field which would be presented when hovering the mouse over this block of results in the graph.
- **value**: Value of this register that determines the amount of this type within the totality of data.
- **color** (_optional_): Color that will be presented for this data.

---

## NEXT <a name="next"></a>

Eliminate the Key field from those required for the data property, this should be handled internally by the component.

Validate the appearance of data when there is a mouse hover over some of the records.

## CHANGELOG

|      Date | Author | Change           |
| --------: | :----- | ---------------- |
| 11/9/2020 | Edison | Initial Version. |
